Update Coq-Elpi description (#23)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

### Plugins

- [AAC Tactics](https://github.com/coq-community/aac-tactics) - Tactics for rewriting universally quantified equations, modulo associativity and commutativity of some operator.

> - [Coq-Elpi](https://github.com/LPCIC/coq-elpi) - Extension language to implement commands and tactics.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Coq-Elpi](https://github.com/LPCIC/coq-elpi) - Extension framework based on λProlog providing an extensive set of API to implement commands and tactics.
```
